They were excited to see their first sloth.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Not all people who wander are lost.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
Let me help you with your baggage.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
